g through the links that I will put in the
description too so it's very simple
it's a disk image you once
downloaded want to double click
above to open it so we wait for the
checking - junior because I want
that it goes faster
and there we end up with one with a
installer there is nothing else to do
than to double click on it
frankly it's very simple so good
I've already installed the version
geass but I'm going to do it again
again so here we wait
so here once arrived here we put
ignore this version and laon but no
used the present is there we wait
so they ask us your word
password
we put the password of mak and there we have
more than wait maybe five
next minutes on your mac
if he goes fast or not so here is once
who wrote copy of the current files
it means everything is good so
once you have that bah
here I am just waiting for stops
who hoists themselves they start like that
it was going much faster for you
show here so here now he has
installed I really nothing to
make
engineering nor activation key to put nor
nothing so that's good I already
windows 7 and windows 8 points a game the
already installed so this one so for
to add just the grace to that
we press the most installed windows
or any other and this from the dvd or
So here the image file was bitten has
continued there he'll check if he finally
will he go get in all our our
computer
if we have an operating version he has
an operating system that can
install
So is he looking for you if he
not find it will have to locate it
manually so me he found
here is just pressed on continue there we
remove that we will press on continue
that's all and take your
finally your need for windows no
classified for games that would make a
configuration with rams to type
of use for windows and disk
hard all that will make a setting
automatic
but you have to know that we can
always change it's not it's not
finally it's editable what
So here I am, I support productivity
what goes faster I have several
so go on there how to say
that you are used to windows 7 and you
leave it like that either you already have where
it was on windows 8 and where you want
and the interface exactly the same as
windows 8
so I want the same as windows 8
I press to continue there I put the name
good me that but eight points again with
one because I already have there the location
where the virtual machine is going to be going to be
setting
this is my hard drive all to
the space required for the machine
virtual one only has to press
continue and I will not do it
because I'm going to have a second one
and it's useless but so here is
big and now for the cracker and
well you will need kms picot this
software so it will have to put it
on windows and for the crack is
it is precisely this video that is
second naive youtube so who you
will explain in detail this software
finally there is something installed in it
all stupid that there is a settle here
once these are installed
cracks and avicii so
So here it is really stupid I
will all put you in the in the
description and and then and then it's
everything so